Extend the notes about using custom repo for Slurm (#74)
omnivector-solutions/osd-documentation: operations/installation.rst

.. _installation-operation:

==================
Slurm Installation
==================

> Omnivector Solutions provides a repository for Slurm packages, for both CentOS7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Omnivector Solutions provides a repository for Slurm packages, for both CentOS 7
```

       charm: slurmd
       num_units: 1
       series: focal
       custom-slurm-repo: ppa:omnivector/osd
     ...

Another possibility is to supply the repository URL in the command line when
deploying the units:

.. code-block:: bash

>    $ juju deploy slurmd --series centos7 --config custom-slurm-repo="https://omnivector-solutions.github.io/repo/centos7/stable/$basearch"

Reviewer: won't the terminal try to find the variable `basearch` in this case?

Author: Good catch. I changed the example to address it.
